Now I am empty, try fill me with fun..
Why did Mike Loukides leave IBM and Apache out of his recent piece, "Who leads the Java Parade?" Because &mdash; despite good reasons &mdash; they both opted out.
    Top stories: July 4-8, 2011 - Why Java matters, inside Node.js, predicting Android's ubiquity
    A rough guide to JVM languages - Java is as much about the JVM as it is the language.
    Clojure: Lisp meets Java, with a side of Erlang - Stuart Sierra on why Clojure is catching on.
For Microsoft programmers, the week brought fear, uncertainty and doubt regarding their future as an elite class of developers.  For a lucky teen, it brought a big paycheck.  And for fans of Java, it brought a new version of the popular language one step closer to release.
This article introduces a Java-XML binding technique based on VTD-XML and XPath. This approach doesn't mandate a schema, takes advantage of XML's inherent loose encoding, and avoids needless object creation, so it is much more efficient for lightweight data binding.
Using the Eclipse Graphical Modeling Framework (GMF), this article takes the reader through a step-by-step creation of the construction of an application using GMF. Beyond the wizards, get an introduction to GMF 'under the hood.'
			几个月在我的微博上说过要建一个程序员疫苗网站，希望大家一起来提交一些错误示例的代码，来帮助我们新入行的程序员，不要让我们的程序员一代又一代的再重复地犯一些错误。很多程序上错误就像人类世界的病毒一样，我们应该给我们的新入行的程序员注射一些疫苗，就像给新生儿打疫苗一样，希望程序员从入行时就对这些错误有抵抗力。
		程序员疫苗：代码注入
			从Rob Pike 的 Google+上的一个推看到了一篇叫《Understanding Object Oriented Programming》的文章，我先把这篇文章简述一下，然后再说说老牌黑客Rob Pike的评论。
Webscript  自选一个url，填一段Lua代码，就能对访问做各种respond，还可以主动运行任务，cron job等等&#8230;
当我们在面对各种对选择的影响因子的时候，如：城市，公司规模，公司性质，薪水，项目，户口，技术，方向，眼界…… 你总会发现，你会在几个公司中纠结一些东西，举几个例子：
		程序算法与人生选择
			这篇文章来源于Quroa的一个问答《What are some time-saving tips that every Linux user should know?》—— Linux用户有哪些应该知道的提高效率的技巧。我觉得挺好的，总结得比较好，把其转过来，并加了一些自己的理解。 首先，我想告诉大家，在Unix/Linux下，最有效率技巧的不是操作图形界面，而是命令行操作，因为命令行意味着自动化。如果你看过《你可能不知道的Shell》以及《28个Unix/Linux的命令行神器》你就会知道Linux有多强大，这个强大完全来自于命令行，于是，就算你不知道怎么去做一个环保主义的程序员，至少他们可以让你少熬点夜，从而有利于你的身体健康和性生活。下面是一个有点长的列表，正如作者所说，你并不需要知道所有的这些东西，但是如果你还在很沉重地在使用Linux的话，这些东西都值得你看一看。 （注：如果你想知道下面涉及到的命令的更多的用法，你一定要man一点。对于一些命令，你可以需要先yum或apt-get来安装一下，如果有什么问题，别忘了Google。如果你要Baidu的话，我仅代表这个地球上所有的生物包括微生物甚至细菌病毒和小强BS你到宇宙毁灭）
		从面向对象的设计模式看软件设计
			有一些网友看了前两天的《Linux下应该知道的技巧》希望我能教教他们用awk和sed，所以，出现了这篇文章。我估计这些80后的年轻朋友可能对awk/sed这类上古神器有点陌生了，所以需要我这个老家伙来炒炒冷饭。况且，AWK是贝尔实验室1977年搞出来的文本出现神器，今年是蛇年，是AWK的本命年，而且年纪和我相仿，所以非常有必要为他写篇文章。
