Now I am empty, try fill me with fun..
						【2013年中国人可能最关心的八个问题】男足亚洲杯预选赛能够出线吗
						【2013年中国人可能最关心的八个问题】股市能突破3000点吗 
						【《环球科学》】2012年十大科学新闻评选
							2012年全国因灾死亡（含失踪）人口示意图。						
					           平台化思考：4种方式，让互联网为你的公司所用
			ivspiderII 即将发布！
A First Public Working Draft of WebCrypto Key Discovery. This specification describes a JavaScript API for discovering named, origin-specific pre-provisioned cryptographic keys for use with the Web Cryptography API. Pre-provisioned keys are keys which have been made available to the UA by means other than the generation, derivation, imporation functions of the Web Cryptography API. Origin-specific keys are keys that are available only to a specified origin. Named keys are identified by a name assumed to be known to the origin in question and provisioned with the key itself.
A Working Draft of Web Cryptography API. This specification describes a JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption. Additionally, it describes an API for applications to generate and/or manage the keying material necessary to perform these operations. Uses for this API range from user or service authentication, document or code signing, and the confidentiality and integrity of communications.
							What We Know about the Apple iPad 3 (So Far)
								 If you work with a CMS platform, you probably already know how powerful Flash tools can be. As Flash continues to grows, more and more developers are entering the field offering fantastic tools that can make your life a lot easier. These tools will not only save you a lot of time, but they will save you a lot of headaches. With that being said, if you&#8217;re looking to implement flash with your online CMS, here are five tools to consider:
								 Many business owners are turning to the web to help them market their business and there are plenty of good reasons for doing this. Many expert online marketers claim online marketing is less expensive than other types of marketing but also more effective. According to several online studies, people will search for a product or service online before they decide to buy it. What does the average consumer look for when searching for these products or services? 
								 If your are a fresh man for the Adobe PhotoShop, the following series simple tutorials will help you entry the PS world easily. In this tutorial, we will introduce the type tool —which allows you to pick a font, size and make other changes to your text, you can easily add text to an image or a blank document with PhotoShop Type Tool. Now let’s start.
本期新10条关键词：刑诉法草案是人间蒸发法、两会的明星毛新宇和申纪兰、CPI上涨3.2%、微博实名制、公车采购目录、Youku+Tudou=YouTube、中国被列“互联网之敌”国家。瘦米中文网：做一个有态度的青年！
&nbsp;17小时前→详细信息 &nbsp;&nbsp;面向对象不是计算机编程的基本原子&nbsp;【软件编程】在过去的 25 年里，编程世界发生了巨大的变化，如今，我们有大量的有用的、灵活的数据类型可以使用，但在 25 年前，你需要花大量的额外时间自己去构造这些类型。
