Now I am empty, try fill me with fun..
			在点击谷歌搜索结果时，会被重定向至谷歌服务器再转至实际链接页面。这是正常的。可是，被重定向的链接，会常常被某些强制性的东西切断，导致无法忍受、让人发疯的超时或页面重置错误。
《移除google搜索结果链接重定向》
      The Protocols and Formats Working Group (PFWG) published a Proposed Recommendation of Role Attribute, an XML attribute that allows authors to add semantic information to documents. Role Attribute supports WAI-ARIA, the Accessible Rich Internet Applications technical specification for making dynamic, interactive web content accessible to people with disabilities. Comments are welcome through 1 February 2013. Read the Role Attribute Proposed Recommendation e-mail announcement for more information, and about the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI).
      The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (WCAG WG) today published an updated Working Draft of Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT). It is a draft of an informative (that is, not normative) W3C Working Group Note that will clarify how Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 can be applied to non-Web ICT. Please see important  information in the Call for Review e-mail. Comments are welcome through 15 February 2013. Read about the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI).
The HTML Working Group also published first drafts of HTML 5.1, HTML Canvas 2D Context, Level 2, and main element, providing an early view of the next round of standardization. Learn more About HTML.
 W3C published today the complete definition of the HTML5 and Canvas 2D specifications. Though not yet W3C standards, these specifications are now feature complete, meaning businesses and developers have a stable target for implementation and planning. "As of today, businesses know what they can rely on for HTML5 in the coming years, and what their customers will demand," said Jeff Jaffe, W3C CEO. HTML5 is the cornerstone of the Open Web Platform, a full programming environment for cross-platform applications with access to device capabilities; video and animations; graphics; style, typography, and other tools for digital publishing; extensive network capabilities; and more. Read the full press release and W3C Member testimonials.
              Electronic Books and the Open Web Platform
							    							    革命让埃及妇女处境更艰难
				接吻的进化史
								2012年50部最佳未发行影片
								爱沙尼亚从小学1年级将实施编程授课（2012/09/07）
								为什么高效率电源可能不会使你省钱
								三星用户的生活伴随着风险
				廉价中国的终结 | 经济学人
