  University of Southern California
    Skip to navigation
    Skip to features
    Skip to news modules
    Skip to current conditions
      Students
      Alumni
      Parents
      Faculty
      Sports
    popular links
      Search USC
      Submit
    University of Southern California
        about
        administration
        admission
        academics
        research
        patient care
        community
        arts
        globalization
      Los Angeles  55&deg;    
		From mentor to brother
		You might know Kyle Negrete as a punter on USC's football team, but Joel Anderson knows him as a friend. Anderson is an artist who happens to have autism. Watch their story.
    Back to the beginning
Solomon Golumb To Receive National Medal of Science
Professor Solomon Golomb, pictured with USC Viterbi students, was named a National Medal of Science laureate by President Obama on Friday, Dec. 21, 2012. The award recognizes top contributions to science and engineering. Golumb recently celebrated his 50th year at the USC Viterbi School of Engineering. 
Read the full story at USC News
In time of conflict, students set example of bipartisanship
Compromise seems impossible as legislators stand their ground over taxation and budget cuts and the nation teeters on the edge of a fiscal cliff. But judging by their final presentations, students in the first class of the USC Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy are ready for a future of cooperation. 
Read the full story at USC News
Cash registers ringing at big-box stores and luxe boutiques
An uptick in the economy has two USC Marshall School of Business faculty members optimistic about different segments of the retail world: big-box stores like Walmart and luxury brands like TAG Heuer. The early verdict: Tiffany's little blue box might be found under a few more Christmas trees this year.
Read the full story at USC News
Explore USC
Campaign for USC-->
USC Photo Gallery
USC Maps
Visit USC
Events Calendar
USC News
More news
        Libraries
        myUSC
        Webmail
        Blackboard
        OASIS
        Academic Calendar
        Registration
        Schedule of Classes
        OTiS
        Daily Trojan
        Maps
        Directories
      Currently at USC
      At 2:03 am on Monday, Dec. 24, 2012, it's 55&deg; and light rain in Los Angeles.      Spring classes will begin January 14, 2013. Happy holidays!      
        Campus safety/emergency info
        TommyCam
        USC photo gallery
        University Park Campus (Map)
        University of Southern California
        Los Angeles, CA 90089
        (213) 740-2311
        Health Sciences Campus (Map)
        University of Southern California
        Los Angeles, CA 90033
        (323) 442-2000
        Visit USC
        Jobs at USC
        Contact USC
        Visit USC YouTube Channels
        Follow USC on Twitter
        Join USC on Facebook
        Visit USC on iTunes U
      Mobile version
      Site Design: USC Web Services
	 Copyright &copy; 2012 The University of Southern California Privacy Policy
